Add `--show-counterparty` flag to `hermes query channels` (#2463)
informalsystems/ibc-rs: .changelog/unreleased/features/ibc-relayer-cli/2431-show-counterparty.md

> - Adds the show-counterparty flag to show every path in a pretty way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a `--show-counterparty` flag to `hermes query channels` to show every channel, port, chain id and their counterparty's in a pretty format
```

Author: Resolved ! I also noticed I entered the wrong issue and corrected it
